fix(expo): Ensure authToken is not written to application package (#3630)
getsentry/sentry-react-native: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixes

- Option `enabled: false` ensures no events are sent ([#3606](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/3606))

> - Remove Expo Plugin `authToken` option from application bundle ([#3630](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/3630))
>   - Expo Configuration is saved in plain text and is not secure.
>     Please, rotate your token if you published an app with
>     the auth token in the plugin config. Use `SENTRY_AUTH_TOKEN` env.
>     Read more in the [docs](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/react-native/manual-setup/expo/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Don't add Expo Plugin option `authToken` to application bundle ([#3630](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/3630))
  - Expo plugin configurations are generelly stored in plain text, and are also automatically added to built app bundles, and are therefore considered insecure.
  - You should not set the auth token in the plugin config except for local testing. Instead, use the `SENTRY_AUTH_TOKEN` env variable, as pointed out in our [docs](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/react-native/manual-setup/expo/).
  - In addition to showing a warning, we are now actively removing an `authToken` from the plugin config if it was set.
  - If you had set the auth token in the plugin config previously, **and** built and published an app with that config, you should [rotate your token](https://docs.sentry.io/product/accounts/auth-tokens/).
```
